Add examples of using Kubernetes Sidecar pattern for proxies (#83)
hashicorp/waypoint-examples: kubernetes/nodejs-metrics-sidecar/README.md

# Waypoint Kubernetes Sidecar Local Proxy Example

|Title|Description|
|---|---|
|Pack|Cloud Native Buildpack|
|Cloud|Any|
|Language|NodeJS|
|Docs|[Kubernetes](https://www.waypointproject.io/plugins/kubernetes)|
|Tutorial|[HashiCorp Learn](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/waypoint/get-started-kubernetes)|

> This is an example of a Telegraf sidecar that listens for StatsD metrics on port 8125, tags them, and forwards them to InfluxDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of a Telegraf sidecar that listens for StatsD metrics on port 8125 and prints them.
```

> Waypoint can deploy to a local Kubernetes server or a cloud-hosted cluster. See the tutorial for details.

Reviewer: I think that's referencing the tutorial on getting started on kubernetes on line 9.

> Waypoint can deploy to a local Kubernetes server or a cloud-hosted cluster. See the tutorial for details.

Reviewer: I think this was actually a copy/paste from the `nodejs` vanilla example, and we don't really need it here, so I deleted it.
